Codemod for disabling GraphQL introspection (#542)
pixee/codemodder-python: src/core_codemods/docs/pixee_python_disable-graphql-introspection.md

Introspection allows a client to query the schema of a GraphQL API. Allowing introspection in production code may allow a malicious user to gather information about data types and operations for a potential attack.

> Introspection is often enabled by default in GraphQL without authentication. This codemod disables introspection altogether at the view level by introducing a validation rule for that. The rules used may be dependent on the framework used. Please check your framework documentation for specific rules for disabling introspection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Introspection is often enabled by default in GraphQL without authentication. This codemod disables introspection altogether at the view level by introducing a validation rule. The required rules may be dependent on the framework that you are using. Please check your framework documentation for specific rules for disabling introspection.
```
